I was in a private room.
What I recall is...
women running through the place,
shouting something like...
"Police are here!"
"Police, police, police!"
"Put your clothes on. Stop what you're doing."
Whoever gave that first call,
everybody else would have turned around and shouted, "Police!"
Several times, volunteers dropped by...
The message was consistently,
"there are still men in the building."
"The police are still here."
"There are men in the building."
I think that three, or so, people told us that, so...
I also remember feeling kind of taken care of
by the the people who were running the event.
And it's no different than what used to happen in
gay bars
when being gay was illegal.
Light switches would flash.
People would shout, "Police."
And the men who were dancing with the men,
and the women who were dancing with the women
would quickly switch partners...
You know what? When the police come...
everybody participates in warning everybody.
Being a volunteer I was just like, "I am on
top of whatever you need me to do."
"Whatever you need right now, I am on it. Let's go."
A lot of people were really thrown off. It was
kind of like, "what?" So, there's a lot of people
walking around just doing the reassuring. "Just
slow down. The organizers have got it."
"If you want to cover yourself up, that's fine, but there's
no need to leave. We're not doing anything wrong."
Whenever it opened, as we were waiting in line,
they handed us these flyers letting us know
heads up these things are illegal.
So, it was a good thing I was standing in line
waiting forever because I did read thewhole thing.
So when we did eventually get raided I...
because I read it there were certain things
that I was like, "oh, I read my pamphlet in line."
"I don't have to open this door for this cop
banging on my door. I'm just gonna ignore him."
It was like the aftermath of a tornado energy.
Some people were like, wide-eyed and quiet
and wandering alone.
Other people were holdingon to their friends
and talking closely.
Other people were...
laughing really hard and
trying to continue their night.
Brushing it off in almost a...
In an assertive way.
I believe there was a time where
there was like, consoling and comforting.
Like, women obviously talking to each other.
"Whatthe hell just happened?"
"Are you okay? How do you feel?"
Like, there was... There was that.
I have a memory of that.
I went all over, everywhere, to check in.
In every corner that I could at that point.
People telling me...
"He stepped on someone's foot and ruined their shoe."
Someone else got knocked into.
Some said they were laughed at.
Two people were crying when we talked.
We all gathered at the Temple and had a circle.
I gave, you know, a lot of hugs.